added trusty-to-xenial-migration-guide.md (#2471)
travis-ci/docs-travis-ci-com: trusty-to-xenial-migration-guide.md

## What does this mean for your projects?

Repositories without an explicit `dist: YAML` key in their `.travis.yml` file will be routed to Xenial instead of Trusty.

Repositories without an explicit operating system `os:` key in their `travis.yml` file will use Linux Ubuntu Xenial 16.04.

There are three important changes to take into account when updating to Xenial from our Trusty build environment:

### 1. Services support

Services like [MySQL or PostgreSQL](https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/database-setup/) are not started by default. To start any service, such as MySQL, add it to the services key in your config:

```
  services:
    - mysql
```

### 2. Third-party APT sources

Sources from third-party APT repositories have been removed. During the Xenial image provision, third-party APT repositories are used to pre-install services like `redis-server`. These packages are available during build time, but to reduce the risk of sporadic `apt-get update` failures, the repositories are removed after the packages are installed.

For example, to update the `git-lfs` version, you’d need to explicitly specify the source in your config:

> You can find the full list of sources and packages that have been used and to install and then removed [here](https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/reference/xenial#third-party-apt-repositories-removed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the full list of sources that have been used and to install packages and then were removed [here](https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/reference/xenial#third-party-apt-repositories-removed).
```

```
addons:
  apt:
    sources:
    	- github-git-lfs-xenial
    packages:
    	- git-lfs
```

### 3. Headless browser testing

To use headless browser testing, you now start `xvfb` via the services key, like this:

```
services:
  - xvfb
```

> If you had configured `xvfb` manually in your trusty builds, please replace it with the services key above, which is also easier to maintain!

## To recap!

> The default build environment will gradually start changing on April, 23rd 2019. You can identify if your repository is now running on Xenial by checking your build log, under Operating System Details like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default build environment is Ubuntu Xenial 16.04. You can identify if your repository is now running on Xenial by checking your build log, under Operating System Details like:
```

![OS details](/images/2019-04-15-xenial-build-log.png)

Jobs run on Xenial, display Operating System Details, Description: Ubuntu 16.04.5 LTS
You can find the specific versions of what’s pre-installed in the Xenial Reference docs.

> > If your build depends on Ubuntu Trusty 14.04, you can explicitly specify `dist: trusty` to avoid your build being automatically routed to Xenial during this default build environment update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If your build depends on  a different Ubuntu distribution like Ubuntu Trusty 14.04, you can explicitly specify `dist: trusty` to ensure your build will use it.

## Need Help?

> Please feel free to contact us via our [support](mailto:support@travis-ci.com?subject=Issues%20migrating%20my%20build%20to%20Trusty) email address, or create a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/travis-ci/travis-ci/issues/new).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please feel free to contact us via our [support](mailto:support@travis-ci.com?subject=Issues%20migrating%20my%20build%20to%20Xenial) email address, or create a [forum topic](https://travis-ci.community/c/environments/xenial).
```
